---
layout: post
title: ECDL Word
date: '2016-03-05 07:00:28 +0000'
categories: ECDL
tags: ECDL
---


Please bare with me while I am setting this up and getting it to work how I envisage it to work.

## Word

<div class="ecdl-qa" id="ecdl-top"><p>{% include ecdl-questions.md %}</p><div class="ecdl-ans"><ol><li id="q1"><p>Create a new, blank document.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Click the <strong>FILE</strong> tab, then click <strong>New</strong>.<br />return Double-click <strong>Blank document</strong>. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q2"><p>Save the document to <code>\</code> using the file name show.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Click the <strong>File</strong> tab, then click <strong>Save As</strong> then <strong>Browse</strong>.</p><p>In the <strong>Save As</strong> dialogue box, change the file name to <strong>show</strong></p><p>Click <strong>Save</strong>. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q3"><p>Change the Word user name to Jim Brown. <strong>Suggested solution:</strong></p><p>Click the <strong>File</strong> tab, and then click <strong>Options</strong>. Under <strong>Personalize your copy of Microsoft Office</strong>, type <strong>Jim Brown</strong> in the <strong>User name</strong> box. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q4"><p>Zoom the document to 105%</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> On the <strong>view</strong> tab, in the <strong>Zoom</strong> group, click <strong>Zoom</strong>.</p><p>in the <strong>Percent</strong> list, type 105.<br /><a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q5"><p>Where should you click to display the ribbon?</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> The Quick Access Toolbar, right-click</p><p>The Tab bar, right-click on tab name</p><p>The Ribbon Display options button <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q6"><p>Where should you click to open the help function?</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> The Help icon. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q7"><p>Save this document as Word Template format to This <code>\</code> span!. Keep the default file name.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Click the <strong>File</strong> tab, then click <strong>Save As</strong>, and then click <strong>Browse</strong>.</p><p>In the <strong>Save As</strong> dialogue box, select <strong>Word Template ** in the **Save as type</strong> list.</p><p>Click <strong>Save</strong>. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q8"><p>Switch to Print Layout mode.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> On the <strong>View</strong> tab, in the <strong>Views</strong> group, click the <strong>Print Layout</strong> button. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q9"><p>Hide non-printing formatting marks in the document.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> On the <strong>Home</strong> tab, in the <strong>Paragraph</strong> group, click the <strong>Show/Hide</strong> button. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q10"><p>At the top of the page, enter the word Smith to the right of John</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Click to the right of <strong>John</strong> and type the word <strong>Smith.</strong></p><p>Make sure that there is a space between <strong>John</strong> and <strong>Smith</strong> <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q11"><p>In the paragraph beginning If possible&hellip;, enter the word parking between the words the and garage. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> In the paragraph that begins with <strong>If possible&hellip;</strong>, click once between the words <strong>the</strong> and <strong>garage</strong> and type the word <strong>parking</strong>.</p></li><li id="q12"><p>In the paragraph beginning There will&hellip;, change the word customers to guests.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Find the paragraph that begins with <strong>There will&hellip;</strong></p><p>Select the word <strong>customers</strong>.</p><p>Type the word <strong>guests</strong>.</p><p>Make sure that there is a place on either side of <strong>guests</strong>. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q13"><p>Use the appropriate command to find all occurrences of the word the. Enter the number of times it occurs after the text Enter number here: at the top of the page. (Use a figure.)</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> On the <strong>Home</strong> tab, in the <strong>Editing</strong> group, click <strong>Find</strong>. The <strong>Navigation</strong> task pane is displayed. In the <strong>Search Document</strong> box, type <strong>the</strong>. The number of found words is displayed. At the top of the document, type the number of times the word appears by entering a number (example: 100, not hundred.) <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q14"><p>Copy the word Smith from the top of the page. Place it to the right of the words Dear Mr..</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Select the word <strong>Smith</strong>. Click the <strong>Copy</strong> button found in the <strong>Clipboard</strong> group on the Home tab. Click to the right of the word <strong>Mr</strong>. Click the <strong>Paste</strong> button found in the <strong>Clipboard</strong> group on the <strong>Home</strong> tab. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q15"><p>Move the paragraph beginning If possible&hellip;. Place it between the paragraphs beginning There will&hellip; and Yours sincerely&hellip;.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Select the paragraph beginning <strong>If possible&hellip;.</strong> Click the <strong>Cut</strong> button found in the <strong>Clipboard</strong> group on the <strong>Home</strong> tab. Click to the left of the word <strong>Yours</strong>. Click the <strong>Paste</strong> button found in the <strong>Clipboard</strong> group on the <strong>Home</strong> tab. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q16"><p>In the paragraph beginning We at&hellip;, delete the word luxury.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> In the paragraph beginning <strong>We at&hellip;</strong>, select the word <strong>luxury</strong>. Press the <strong>Delete</strong> key once. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q17"><p>At the bottom of the page, insert a copyright symbol ( &copy; ) to the left of Mary Smith.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Click to the left of <strong>Mary Smith</strong>. On the <strong>Insert tab</strong>, in the <strong>Symbols</strong> group, click <strong>Symbol</strong>. Click the copyright symbol ( &copy; ) in the drop-down list. If the copyright symbol is not in the list, click <strong>More Symbols</strong>. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q18"><p>Use the appropriate command to automatically replace all occurrences of the word component with part.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> On the <strong>Home</strong> tab, in the <strong>Editing</strong> group, click <strong>Replace</strong>. In the <strong>Find what</strong> box, type <strong>component</strong>. In the <strong>Replace with</strong> box, type <strong>part</strong>. Click <strong>Replace All</strong>. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q19"><p>Use the appropriate command to undo the last action.</p><p><strong>A</strong> Click the <strong>Undo</strong> button in the <strong>Quick Access</strong> toolbar. The <strong>Quick Access</strong> toolbar is located in the upper left corner of the window. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q20"><p><strong>Formatting</strong></p><p>Apply italic formatting to the heading Jim's sporting and outdoor goods.</p><p>Select the words <strong>Jim&rsquo;s sporting and outdoor goods</strong>. On the Home tab, in the Font group, click the Italic button. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q21"><p>Change the font colour of the heading Jim's sporting and outdoor goods to a colour of your choice.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Select the words <strong>Jim&rsquo;s sporting and outdoor goods</strong>. To apply the color most recently used, click the <strong>Font Color</strong> button found in the <strong>Font</strong> group on the <strong>Home</strong> tab. To apply a different color, click the arrow next to the <strong>Font Color</strong> button, and then select a new colour. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q22"><p>Capitalise each word in the text beginning john smith&hellip; and ending &hellip;dorchester.</p><p>Select the paragraph beginning <strong>john smith</strong>&hellip; and ending <strong>&hellip;dorchester</strong>. On the <strong>Home</strong> tab, in the <strong>Font</strong> group, click the <strong>Change Case</strong> button. Click the <strong>Capitalize Each Word option</strong>. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q23"><p>Apply Tahoma font to the text beginning <strong>John Smith&hellip;</strong> and ending <strong>&hellip;Dorchester</strong>.</p><p>Select the paragraph beginning <strong>John Smith&hellip;</strong> and ending <strong>&hellip;Dorchester</strong> On the <strong>Home</strong> tab, in the <strong>Font</strong> group, select <strong>Tahoma</strong> in the Font box. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q24"><p>Change the font size of the paragraph beginning Since you&hellip; to 12 point.</p><p>Select the paragraph beginning <strong>Since you&hellip;.</strong> On the <strong>Home</strong> tab, in the <strong>Font</strong> group, click 12 in the <strong>Font Size</strong> box . <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q25"><p>In the paragraph beginning There will&hellip;, start a new paragraph at the sentence beginning We at&hellip;.</p><p>In the paragraph beginning <strong>There will&hellip;</strong>, click to the left of the word <strong>We</strong> in the sentence that starts <strong>We at&hellip;.</strong> Press the <strong>Enter</strong> key once. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q26"><p>Apply a first line indent of 1 centimetre to the paragraph beginning Since you&hellip;.</p><p>Select the paragraph beginning <strong>Since you&hellip;.</strong> On the <strong>Page Layout</strong> tab, in the <strong>Paragraph</strong> group, click the <strong>Paragraph Settings</strong> icon. In the <strong>Paragraph</strong> dialogue box, on the <strong>Indents and Spacing</strong> tab, click the <strong>Special</strong> list under <strong>Indentation</strong>. Then select <strong>First line</strong>, and type <strong>1</strong> in the <strong>By</strong> field. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q27"><p>Apply a 6 point Before spacing to the paragraph beginning Since you&hellip;.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Select the paragraph beginning <strong>Since you&hellip;.</strong> On the <strong>Page Layout</strong> tab, in the <strong>Paragraph</strong> group, click an arrow next to <strong>Spacing Before</strong> and enter <strong>6</strong>. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q28"><p>Remove the line break after the sentence beginning We at&hellip; and ending &hellip;sports products.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> In the paragraph beginning We at&hellip;, click to the left of the word As in the sentence starting As you&hellip;. Press the Backspace key once. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q29"><p>At the bottom of the page, apply the character style Name to the words Jim Brown.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Select the words <strong>Jim Brown.</strong> On the <strong>Home</strong> tab, in the <strong>Styles</strong> group, click the <strong>Styles</strong> icon. In the <strong>Styles</strong> window, click the character style <strong>Name</strong>. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q30"><p>Apply automatic hyphenation throughout the document. <strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Make sure that no text is selected. On the <strong>Page Layout</strong> tab, in the Page Setup group, click <strong>Hyphenation</strong>, and then click <strong>Automatic</strong>. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q31"><p>When positioning text between the side margins, one function is considered good practice to use. Which function?</p><p>The Align function <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q32"><p>When changing distance between paragraphs, one function is considered good practice to use. Which function?</p><p><strong>The Spacing function</strong> <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q33"><p>At the top of the page, centre the heading The Internet.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Select the heading <strong>The Internet</strong>. On the <strong>Home</strong> tab, in the <strong>Paragraph</strong> group, click the <strong>Center</strong> button. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q34"><p>At the top of the page, apply a &frac12; point black box outside border to the heading The Internet.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Select the heading <strong>The Internet</strong>. On the <strong>Page Layout</strong> tab, in the <strong>Page</strong> <strong>Background</strong> group, click <strong>Page Borders</strong>. In the <strong>Borders and Shading</strong> dialogue box, click the <strong>Borders</strong> tab, and then click <strong>Box</strong> under <strong>Setting</strong>. Under <strong>Style</strong>, choose the default style. Under <strong>Color</strong>, choose black. Under <strong>Width</strong>, choose &frac12;. Click <strong>Paragraph</strong> under <strong>Apply to</strong>. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q35"><p>Copy only the formatting of the heading Basics. Apply the formatting to the heading Other services.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Select the heading <strong>Basics</strong>. On the <strong>Home</strong> tab, in the <strong>Clipboard</strong> group, click the <strong>Format Painter</strong> button. The mouse pointer changes to a paintbrush icon. Use the mouse and select the heading <strong>Other services</strong>. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q36"><p>Apply the paragraph style Webtext to the paragraph beginning What we&hellip;.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Select the paragraph beginning <strong>What we&hellip;.</strong> On the <strong>Home</strong> tab, in the <strong>Styles</strong> group, click the <strong>Styles</strong> icon. In the <strong>Styles</strong> window, click the paragraph style <strong>Webtext</strong>. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q37"><p>Merge the paragraphs beginning Another component&hellip; and File Transfer&hellip;.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Click to the left of the word <strong>File</strong> in the sentence beginning <strong>File Transfer Protocol&hellip;.</strong> Press the <strong>Backspace</strong> key once. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li><p>Apply a 36 point After spacing to the paragraph beginning Another component&hellip; and ending &hellip;browser..</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Select the paragraph beginning <strong>Another component&hellip;.</strong> On the <strong>Page Layout</strong> tab, in the <strong>Paragraph</strong> group, click an arrow next to <strong>Spacing After</strong> and enter <strong>36</strong>. <a href="#ecdl-top">Top</a></p></li><li id="q39"><p>Apply the Superscript text effect to the copyright symbol (&copy;) at the bottom of the page.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Select the <strong>copyright symbol</strong>. On the <strong>Home</strong> tab, in the <strong>Font</strong> group, click the <strong>Superscript</strong> button.</p></li><li id="q40"><p>On page 2, apply bullets of your choice to the words Network, Protocol and Hypertext.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Select the words <strong>Network</strong>, <strong>Protocol</strong> and <strong>Hypertext</strong>. On the <strong>Home</strong> tab, in the <strong>Paragraph</strong> group, click the <strong>Bullets</strong> button.</p></li><li id="q41"><p>On page 2, set a Left tab at 5.5 centimeters in the list beginning China.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Select the paragraph beginning <strong>China</strong>. On the <strong>Page Layout</strong> tab, in the <strong>Paragraph</strong> group, click the <strong>Paragraph</strong> icon. In the <strong>Paragraph</strong> dialog box, click <strong>Tabs</strong>. Under <strong>Alignment</strong>, make sure the <strong>Left</strong> option is set. Type <strong>5.5</strong> in the <strong>Tab stop position</strong> box. Click the <strong>Set</strong> button.</p></li><li id="q42"><p>On page 2, apply a numbered list of your choice to the list beginning China and ending Italy.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Select the list beginning <strong>China</strong> and ending <strong>Italy</strong>. On the <strong>Page Layout</strong> tab, in the <strong>Paragraph</strong> group, click the <strong>Numbering</strong> button.</p></li><li id="q43"><p><strong>Objects</strong></p><p>On page 2, insert a table with three columns and five rows. Place it below the words Internet users. Enter the word Rank in the first row, first column of the table.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Click below the words <strong>Internet users</strong>. On the <strong>Insert</strong> tab, in the <strong>Tables</strong> group, click Table and then <strong>Insert Table&hellip;.</strong> Type <strong>3</strong> in the <strong>Number of columns</strong> list. Type <strong>5</strong> in the <strong>Number of rows</strong> list. Click <strong>OK</strong>. Type <strong>Rank</strong> in the upper cell in the leftmost column.</p></li><li id="q44"><p>On page 2, apply a different background colour of your choice to the top row of the table.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Click to left of the first row of the table to select the row. Under <strong>Table Tools</strong>, click the <strong>Design</strong> tab. In the <strong>Table Styles</strong> group, click <strong>Shading</strong>. Choose a colour from the drop-down menu.</p></li><li id="q45"><p>On page 2, change the word Norway in the table to Japan.</p><p><strong>Suggested solution:</strong> In the table, locate and select the word Norway. Type Japan.</p><p>On<strong> </strong>page 2, delete the bottom row of the table. <strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Click once to the left of the bottom row to select the row. Under Table Tools, click the Layout tab. In the Rows &amp; Columns group, click Delete, and then click Delete Rows.</p><p>On page 2, set the width of the first column of the table to 1.5 centimetres. <strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Click once on the leftmost column's top border to select the column. Under Table Tools, click the Layout tab and then click Properties in the Table group. Click the Column tab and type 1.5 in the Preferred width list.</p><p>On page 2, change the width of all borders in the table to 1 point. <strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Click the table move handle in the upper leftmost corner to select the entire table. Under Table Tools, click the Design tab and then click the arrow next to Borders. Click Borders and Shading in the drop-down menu. On the Borders tab under Width, click 1.</p><p>At the bottom of page 2, below the table, insert the picture internet.jpg from . <strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Click below the table. On the Insert tab, in the Illustrations group, click Pictures. In the Insert Picture dialogue box, select the image file internet.jpg and click Insert.</p><p>Move the picture from the bottom of page 2 to the top of page 1 above the heading The Internet. <strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Select the picture. Click the Cut button found in the Clipboard group on the Home tab. Click just above the heading The Internet. Click the Paste button found in the Clipboard group on the Home tab.</p><p>Resize the picture at the top of page 1 so that it is 2.5 centimetres high and 3.0 centimetres wide. <strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Select the picture at the top of the page. Under Picture Tools, click the Format tab. In the Size group, enter 2.5 into the Shape Height box and 3.0 into the Shape Width box.</p><p>Mail Merge</p><p>A. Open the file reminder from \ and select it as a mail merge main document of type Letters. B. Select the customers file from \ as the address list. <strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Click the File tab, and then click Open. In the Open dialogue box, select the file reminder. Click Open. Click the Mailings tab and then Start Mail Merge. Click Step by Step Mail Merge Wizard. In the Mail Merge task pane, make sure the option Letters is selected. Click Next: Starting Document. Make sure the option Use the current document is selected. Click Next: Select recipients. Make sure the option Use an existing list is selected. Click Browse. In the Select Data Source dialogue box, navigate to and select the file customers. Click Open. In the Mail Merge Recipients dialogue box, click OK.</p><p>A. Insert the merge field Country just below the City field. B. Merge the form letter and the address list to a new document. <strong>Suggested solution:</strong> In the open document, click just below the field City. In the Mail Merge task pane, click More items. In the Insert Merge Field dialogue box, select the Country field. Click Insert. Click Close. Click Next: Preview your letters. Click Next: Complete the merge. Click Edit individual letters. In the Mail Merge Recipients dialogue box, click OK.</p><p>Prepare Outputs</p><p>Change the text in the document footer to Customers. <strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Double-click the bottom of a page to open the footer. Select the text in the footer and type Customers.</p><p>Which method is considered good practice when adding a new page in a document?</p><p>Inserting a page break.</p><p>Change the document's orientation to Portrait. <strong>Suggested solution:</strong> On the Page Layout tab, in the Page Setup group, click Orientation. Click Portrait.</p><p>At the bottom of the page, insert a page break after Mary Smith. <strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Click to the right of Mary Smith. On the Insert tab, in the Pages group, click Page Break.</p><p>Change the right margin to 2.5 centimetres. <strong>Suggested solution:</strong> On the Page Layout tab, in the Page Setup group, click Margins. Click Custom Margins, and then in the Right box, enter 2.5.</p><p>Add a Date field to the left hand side of the document header. Choose the default date format. The date should be updated automatically. <strong>Suggested solution:</strong> Double-click on top of a page to open the header. Under Header &amp; Footer Tools, on the Design tab, in the Insert group, click Date &amp; Time. In the Available formats list, click the format in which you want the date to appear. Make sure that the Update automatically check box is selected.</p><p>Apply the automatic page numbering function. The page numbers should be left aligned in the footer. <strong>Suggested solution:</strong> On the Insert tab, in the Header &amp; Footer group, click Page Number. Select Bottom of Page. Choose a page number layout that is left aligned.</p><p>Use the spell check function and make the necessary changes. <strong>Suggested solution:</strong> On the Review tab, in the Proofing group, click Spelling and Grammar. Click the Change button until all misspelled words are corrected.</p><p>Where should you click to display how the document will appear when printed?</p><p>The Print option</p><p>Where should you click to choose that 4 copies of the document should be printed?</p><p>The Number of copies box The Number of copies box, up arrow</p></li></ol></div></div>